Update deprecated API migration guidance of HorizontalPodAutoscaler for v1.25 and v1.26 (#45390)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide.md

The **autoscaling/v2beta2** API version of HorizontalPodAutoscaler is no longer served as of v1.26.

* Migrate manifests and API clients to use the **autoscaling/v2** API version, available since v1.23.
* Notable changes:

>   * `targetAverageUtilization` is replaced with `target.averageUtilization` and `target.type=Utilization`. See [Metric Target](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.29/#metrictarget-v2-autoscaling).

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
  * `targetAverageUtilization` is replaced with `target.averageUtilization` and `target.type: Utilization`. See the API reference entry for [MetricTarget](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v{{< skew currentVersion >>}/#metrictarget-v2-autoscaling).
```

The **autoscaling/v2beta2** API version of HorizontalPodAutoscaler is no longer served as of v1.26.

* Migrate manifests and API clients to use the **autoscaling/v2** API version, available since v1.23.

> * All existing persisted objects are accessible via the new API

Reviewer: Why remove this line?

Author: Initially, I thought the phase was incorrect because the `targetAverageUtilization` field could not be used in the new version. However, upon checking the document again, I found no mention of this field being persisted. Therefore, my previous assumption was still correct, and I had simply forgotten to revert the removal of that field.

Author: Updated.

The **autoscaling/v2beta1** API version of HorizontalPodAutoscaler is no longer served as of v1.25.

* Migrate manifests and API clients to use the **autoscaling/v2** API version, available since v1.23.

> * All existing persisted objects are accessible via the new API

Reviewer: Why remove this line?

The **autoscaling/v2beta1** API version of HorizontalPodAutoscaler is no longer served as of v1.25.

* Migrate manifests and API clients to use the **autoscaling/v2** API version, available since v1.23.
* Notable changes:

>   * `targetAverageUtilization` is replaced with `target.averageUtilization` and `target.type=Utilization`. See [Metric Target](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.29/#metrictarget-v2-autoscaling).

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
  * `targetAverageUtilization` is replaced with `target.averageUtilization` and `target.type: Utilization`. See the API reference entry for [MetricTarget](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v{{< skew currentVersion >>}/#metrictarget-v2-autoscaling).
```
